content/guide/core-features/auto-imports.md, before:

# Auto-imports

Vulmix auto-imports components, composables, Pinia stores and Vue functions for you, so you don't have to import them manually in your Vue files. This gives you a cleaner code and a faster development process.

## Vue functions

Vulmix auto-imports the built-in Vue functions like `ref`, `computed`, `watch`, `onMounted`, etc. This way you can call them right away in your script tag.

```vue [app.vue]
<script setup>
  const count = ref(0) // No need to import `ref`

  function increment() {
    count.value++
  }
</script>

<template>
  <div>
    <p>Count: {{ count }}</p>
    <button @click="increment">Increment</button>
  </div>
</template>
```

## Components

Vulmix auto-imports components from the `components` directory. This means that you can use any component in your `.vue` file without having to import. Just create it and use it, simple as that.

Say you have a `MyComponent.vue` file in the `/components` directory:

```vue [components/MyComponent.vue]
<template>
  <div>I am a component!</div>
</template>
```

You can use it in your `.vue` file directly, without having to import it first:

```vue [app.vue]
<template>
  <div>
    <MyComponent />
  </div>
</template>
```

And it should work just fine!

::alert
You can use PascalCase or kebab-case for your component names. Both will work. But, as a best practice, it is recommended to use PascalCase for your component names.
::

## Composables

Composables are a great way to share logic between components. They are functions that return an object with the data and methods that you want to share. You can read more about composables in the <a href="https://vuejs.org/guide/reusability/composables.html" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noreferrer noopener">Vue Composition API documentation</a>.

Vulmix auto-imports your composables from the `/composables` directory. So if you have a `useCounter.js` (or `.ts`) file in the `/composables` directory:

```js [composables/useCounter.js]
export default function useCounter() {
  const count = ref(0) // No need to import `ref` in your composables too!

  const increment = () => {
    count.value++
  }

  return {
    count,
    increment,
  }
}
```

You can use it like this in your `.vue` file:

```vue [app.vue]{2}
<script setup>
  const { count, increment } = useCounter()
</script>

<template>
  <div>
    <p>Count: {{ count }}</p>
    <button @click="increment">Increment</button>
  </div>
</template>
```

::alert
It is recommended to use the same name for the composables and the variables that you use to import them. This way, you can easily identify which composables are being used in your `.vue` file.
::

## Pinia stores

Pinia is a state management system for Vue 3. It is the official recommended alternative to Vuex and it is very easy to use. You can read more about Pinia in the <a href="https://pinia.vuejs.org/" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noreferrer noopener">Pinia documentation</a>.

Vulmix auto-imports your Pinia stores from the `/stores` directory.

In Vulmix, you can create a Pinia store like this:

```js [stores/useCounterStore.js]
// No need to import `defineStore`, it is already imported for you!

export const useCounterStore = defineStore('counter', {
  state() {
    return {
      count: 0,
    }
  },

  actions: {
    increment() {
      this.count++
    },
  },
})
```

You can use it like this in your `.vue` file:

```vue [app.vue]{2}
<script setup>
  const counter = useCounterStore()
</script>

<template>
  <div>
    <p>Count: {{ counter.count }}</p>
    <button @click="counter.increment">Increment</button>
  </div>
</template>
```

It's so simple!

::alert
As a best practice, it is recommended to use the same name for the Pinia stores and the variables that you use to import them. This way, you can easily identify which Pinia stores are being used in your `.vue` file.

Also, it is recommended to use the `use` prefix and the `Store` suffix for your Pinia stores. This way, you can easily identify which variables are Pinia stores.
::

Commit message:

docs: added Nuxt mention in auto-imports

content/guide/core-features/auto-imports.md, after:

# Auto-imports

Vulmix auto-imports components, composables, Pinia stores and Vue functions for you, so you don't have to import them manually in your Vue files. This gives you a cleaner code and a faster development process. This feature is inspired by <a href="https://nuxt.com/" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noreferrer noopener">Nuxt</a>.

## Vue functions

Vulmix auto-imports the built-in Vue functions like `ref`, `computed`, `watch`, `onMounted`, etc. This way you can call them right away in your script tag.

```vue [app.vue]
<script setup>
  const count = ref(0) // No need to import `ref`

  function increment() {
    count.value++
  }
</script>

<template>
  <div>
    <p>Count: {{ count }}</p>
    <button @click="increment">Increment</button>
  </div>
</template>
```

## Components

Vulmix auto-imports components from the `components` directory. This means that you can use any component in your `.vue` file without having to import. Just create it and use it, simple as that.

Say you have a `MyComponent.vue` file in the `/components` directory:

```vue [components/MyComponent.vue]
<template>
  <div>I am a component!</div>
</template>
```

You can use it in your `.vue` file directly, without having to import it first:

```vue [app.vue]
<template>
  <div>
    <MyComponent />
  </div>
</template>
```

And it should work just fine!

::alert
You can use PascalCase or kebab-case for your component names. Both will work. But, as a best practice, it is recommended to use PascalCase for your component names.
::

## Composables

Composables are a great way to share logic between components. They are functions that return an object with the data and methods that you want to share. You can read more about composables in the <a href="https://vuejs.org/guide/reusability/composables.html" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noreferrer noopener">Vue Composition API documentation</a>.

Vulmix auto-imports your composables from the `/composables` directory. So if you have a `useCounter.js` (or `.ts`) file in the `/composables` directory:

```js [composables/useCounter.js]
export default function useCounter() {
  const count = ref(0) // No need to import `ref` in your composables too!

  const increment = () => {
    count.value++
  }

  return {
    count,
    increment,
  }
}
```

You can use it like this in your `.vue` file:

```vue [app.vue]{2}
<script setup>
  const { count, increment } = useCounter()
</script>

<template>
  <div>
    <p>Count: {{ count }}</p>
    <button @click="increment">Increment</button>
  </div>
</template>
```

::alert
It is recommended to use the same name for the composables and the variables that you use to import them. This way, you can easily identify which composables are being used in your `.vue` file.
::

## Pinia stores

Pinia is a state management system for Vue 3. It is the official recommended alternative to Vuex and it is very easy to use. You can read more about Pinia in the <a href="https://pinia.vuejs.org/" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noreferrer noopener">Pinia documentation</a>.

Vulmix auto-imports your Pinia stores from the `/stores` directory.

In Vulmix, you can create a Pinia store like this:

```js [stores/useCounterStore.js]
// No need to import `defineStore`, it is already imported for you!

export const useCounterStore = defineStore('counter', {
  state() {
    return {
      count: 0,
    }
  },

  actions: {
    increment() {
      this.count++
    },
  },
})
```

You can use it like this in your `.vue` file:

```vue [app.vue]{2}
<script setup>
  const counter = useCounterStore()
</script>

<template>
  <div>
    <p>Count: {{ counter.count }}</p>
    <button @click="counter.increment">Increment</button>
  </div>
</template>
```

It's so simple!

::alert
As a best practice, it is recommended to use the same name for the Pinia stores and the variables that you use to import them. This way, you can easily identify which Pinia stores are being used in your `.vue` file.

Also, it is recommended to use the `use` prefix and the `Store` suffix for your Pinia stores. This way, you can easily identify which variables are Pinia stores.
::
